docs: add docs for automatic config filling of iam values (#1000)
edgelesssys/constellation: docs/docs/getting-started/first-steps.md

## Create a cluster

1.  Create the configuration file and IAM resources for your selected cloud provider

    First, you need to create a [configuration file](../workflows/config.md) and an [IAM configuration](../workflows/config.md#creating-an-iam-configuration). The easiest way to do this is the following CLI command:

    <tabs groupId="csp">

    <tabItem value="azure" label="Azure">

    ```bash
    constellation iam create azure --region=westus --resourceGroup=constellTest --servicePrincipal=spTest --generate-config
    ```

>     This command creates the configuration file `constellation-conf.yaml` in your current directory. It then creates IAM configuration on the Azure region `westus` creating a new resource group `constellTest` and a new service principal `spTest` and fills the values into the configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This command creates IAM configuration on the Azure region `westus` creating a new resource group `constellTest` and a new service principal `spTest`. It also creates the configuration file `constellation-conf.yaml` in your current directory with the IAM values filled in.
```
simplify by not switching from config file to IAM and back to config file

    </tabItem>
    </tabs>

    :::tip

>     To learn how to create a configuration file without automatic IAM creation and how to delete your IAM configuration and to get more detailed information on the IAM process and the VM types supported by Constellation, see the [Configuration workflow](../workflows/config.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To learn about all options you have for managing IAM resources and Constellation configuration, see the [Configuration workflow](../workflows/config.md).
```
This sentence is quite long and verbose. Do you think this suggested shortening is ok or do you need more details here?

    :::
-->

> 1. Create the cluster with one control-plane node and two worker nodes. `constellation create` uses options set in `constellation-conf.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create the cluster with one control-plane node and two worker nodes. `constellation create` uses options set in `constellation-conf.yaml`.
```

    Your Constellation cluster was created successfully.
    ```

> 2. Initialize the cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Initialize the cluster
```

    :::

> 3. Configure kubectl

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Configure kubectl
```
